feat: add docs to use react native signer (#1182)
alchemyplatform/aa-sdk: site/pages/react-native/signer/using-the-signer.mdx

---
title: Using the React Native Signer
description: How to use the React Native Signer in your project
---

# Using the React Native Signer

This guide assumes you have installed and configured your project to use the React Native Signer package.

## Create a Signer Instance

```tsx
import { RNAlchemySigner } from "@account-kit/react-native-signer";

const signer = new RNAlchemySigner({
  client: { connection: { apiKey: API_KEY } },
});
```

## Authenticate a User

Next, you'll need to authenticate your user before you can use the Signer as an owner on the account

:::info

> At the time of writing, the React Native Signer only supports Email at the moment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the time of writing, the React Native Signer only supports Email magic link.
```
